=====
Description of in-game items
=====

//Weapons

Stone Sword:
A slab of rock sharpened to carry a point, it is awkward to handle and difficult to maneuver

Bronze Sword:
Approximately sixty centimetres in length, this blade is adorned with a crude wooden hilt  

Iron Sword:
Your everyday sword found within castle armouries; it bends rather easily but does not break

War Rapier:
A long thin blade with a very sharp tip, it has an intricately complex hilt that wraps around to protect the hand of its user. Due to its slenderness it is much more suited for nimble thursting attacks rather than sweeping cuts.

War Sabre:
A curved blade that provides a large cutting edge, great for killing enimies that refuse to die. The hilt is adorned with gemstones that glow in the darkness

Fire Sword:
Flame flickers constantly along the blade; I wonder how the fire doesnt burn out?

Rusty Mace:
Once a formiddable weapon, its spiked head is slowly rusting away, leaving behind a mess of iron and flakes

Two-handed Mace:
This fearsome weapon, almost a metre and a half long, and a spiked steel head that can smash through even the most sturdy of armor

Battle Axe:
With a creasent shaped head and a long thick handle, this axe was modified from its wood cutting cousin to become a terror on the battlefield

Wooden Dagger:
Crudely carved into a point with an handle: I guess it can still be used as a disctraction?

Diamond Dagger:
Extremely hard but perpetually blunt. In theory a good weapon, but more suited for ceremonial purposes

Osbedian Dagger:
Sharp beyond immagination, and with a golden plated hilt, it is worth fortunes


//Armour

Street Clothes: 
The uniform of a lowly soldier: navy coat, black pants, and sturdy boots

Leather Jacket: 
Impressive looking, but unable to withstand much

Chainmail:
Made of interlocking iron rings that are welded shut, it can withstand blows but has several vulnerable areas. It is also exceedingly heavy.

Plate Armor:
Made of joined plates of thick steel, it convers the body from head to toe and is inpenetrable outside well positioned blows.

Wooden Shield:
More mobile than armors and can be descarded when neccesairy

//Consumables

Loaf of bread:
"Acquired" from my second favourite bakery, it was saved for a rainy day. It will soon rain - the tears of my enemies

Bottle of mead:
Nothing soothes pain like a dash of mead, a single gulp and all is forgotten

Mysterious white powder:
I was told that a couple pinches will invigorate me from even the deapest of stupors


//Miscellaneous

Lattern:
The last embers glow faintly within